How do you know Boss Zhou is too polite?
Boss Zhou
Didn't you say that Ye Xian cured Boss Zhou?
Will you give him the next meal?
Boss Li was joking just now
I'm not kidding you.
Your husband sends a word, and it is difficult to chase after a horse.
Come on, Li Shang
Be a person and stay on the line
Nice to meet you
Hi I won't see you again
Chen Guoyuan
If it's not expensive for you.
I asked them to kneel for you
Sorry go away
Mr. Ye
I know a great man like you
The money guard will be born
But
This card has 1 million
Just pretend I'm in Nishan Pavilion
Buy 50,000 money
Boss Liu, please
Pick me some antiques
Okay.
Boss Zhou, take your time
Ye Xian, you helped me so much today
Not only did he hit Mr. Chen in the face
It also sold over a million 50,000
How do you want my sister to thank you?
It's better to promise